Software Engineer - Motor Control
Lilium 
Aviation and Aerospace Component Manufacturing
Munich, Bavaria, Germany
Full-time
Associate

A career at Lilium is for those who want to do something extraordinary. We take pride in pushing the boundaries of engineering, technology and customer experience.

As part of a team, you will tackle challenges and deliver something that has never been done before. By joining Lilium you will have the opportunity to work with a world-class entrepreneurial team of more than  800 people who are as passionate about changing the world as you are.

You will always act with safety and integrity in mind and embody our core behaviors of efficient and positive collaboration, ownership of time, continuous improvements and, ultimately delivering results.

We thrive on diversity and creating an inclusive culture, with more than 50 nationalities currently working hard to bring our vision of a sustainable world to life.

Your Role And Your Team

We are looking for an outstanding Motor Control Engineer to join our innovative team that will shape the future of urban e-mobility. In this position you have the exciting opportunity to contribute greatly on the design of the propulsion system that power the aircraft fleet of tomorrow.

As a member of our Software Intensive Systems team, you will model, design, implement, test and benchmark the motor controls of Lilium electric motor drives.

Your Day To Day

Specify, design, and develop algorithms according to the internal processes in the field of electric motor control for Lilium eVTOL aircraft
Design and implement motor controller functionality and algorithms for the engine and servo control units
Test and validate the control algorithms in the laboratory and test rigs
Participate in generating required life cycle data
Co-operate with the hardware and power electronic teams
Contribute to planning activities as part of an Agile Scrum team

Must Have

Your Profile:

B.Sc/M.Sc/M.Eng in Software Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or a related field
Strong expertise in MATLAB and Simulink, including model development
Strong understanding of AC electric motors and drive systems analysis, modeling and control
Academic or industrial experience in defining requirements for motor control software interfacing hardware components including voltage, current and position sensors
Fluent English language skills

Beneficial To Have

Experience in testing electric motors and hardware debugging (e.g. position sensors, comms interfaces)
Academic or industrial experience in modeling low-inductance PMSM machines & high switching frequencies
Experience in designing current and speed control loops for electric motor control
Experience with laboratory equipment (Oscilloscopes, Signal Generators, Logic Analyzer)
Experience with Fixed-point development for timing critical embedded systems
Experience with VHDL, Embedded C & HDL Coder programming
Experience with PWM schemes such as space vector, discontinuous, and sinusoidal modulation
Experience with sensorless motor control algorithms and high-speed control techniques
System-oriented understanding of high voltage DC-link integration

Life At Lilium

The wellbeing of our employees is a high priority. In our HW we have many initiatives such as free healthy food and drinks, free in-house gym and health days. In remote offices we offer online opportunities to stay connected and develop yourself as well including our culture club, free e-library, learning terminal, Employee Assistance Program and many more.

Lilium is an equal opportunity employer and welcomes applications from all qualified individuals regardless of ethnicity, sex, disability, religion/belief, sexual orientation or age.