SW Tool Developer C++ in VISION SYSTEMS
Valeo  
Motor Vehicle Parts Manufacturing 
Prague, Prague, Czechia 
Full-time
Associate

We are an automotive supplier, a partner to all automakers worldwide. As a technological company, we design innovative products and systems that contribute to reduction of CO2 emissions and to development of automated driving. In our Research and Development center in Prague we employ seven hundred engineers. They are those who stand behind the latest systems of active safety (ADAS) and autonomous driving. What does it mean? Software, hardware engineers, together with mechanical designers, test and system engineers develop sensors and systems for safe and comfortable driving. Automated parking systems, automated emergency braking, blind spot detection and road sign recognition are just a few examples.

Valeo is a leading supplier of components and systems for the world's automakers. In our R&D (Research & Development) Center in Prague we develop Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) for intelligent cars.

We are looking for a Software Engineer - Test Tools developer, who will participate on development of software tools for development and validation of advanced driver assistance systems which are later used by our testing and system engineering teams.

YOUR CHALLENGES

Development of SW tools and utilities for development and validation of advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) ~ programming in C++
Development of simulation and virtual validation tools based on Urho3D engine
Working on visualization of test vehicles debug data (UI in Qt)
Software-In-Loop (SiL) and Hardware-In-Loop (HiL) test environments development
Working with innovative frameworks such as OpenCL or NVIDIA CUDA
Collaboration with teams on other Valeo sites (Ireland, Germany, India, China, USA, …)

Let´s Talk About You

A relevant Technical Engineering Degree e.g. Software Engineering, Cybernetics or Robotics, Computer Science, or similar
Very good knowledge of C++ including OOP principles (or experience with C#/Java and willing to switch to C++) is essential
Experience with 3D rendering and 3D engines (Unity, Unreal, Urho3D) is major advantage
Experience with OpenCV / OpenCL / Nvidia CUDA is an advantage
Experience with Qt Framework is an advantage
Experience with Linux OS is an advantage
Experience in automotive communication protocols such as CAN, LIN, FlexRay, Ethernet is an advantage
Perfect fluency in (technical) English language is a must
Proactive approach to problems and personal responsibility

We Offer

6 weeks of vacation per year
flexible working hours and home office possibility
variable remuneration - monthly and semester bonuses depending on team and company results
contribution to the pension insurance after the probation period, 5% from the gross salary
meal vouchers and free time vouchers on Flexi Pass card
possibility of Multisport card
fitness room and external sports ground (football, basketball, volleyball) on site
mobility support for commuting, accommodation and moving services if you live over 20km away
company canteen offering a selection of international cuisine
easy access to work by Prague metro line A, car parking for all employees
personal development program through technical trainings and language courses
regular company teambuilding events
outdoor relax zone with a barbecue space for teambuilding
discounted prices of car spare parts and accessories
possibility to see the whole development process in one place from an idea (customer requirement) to a product testing and manufacturing

Join us!

Thanks to its strategy focused on innovation, Valeo is at the heart of the three revolutions which are disrupting the automotive sector: electrification, autonomous and connected cars, and digital mobility.

These are revolutions that Valeo has been able to anticipate and which today provide amazing career opportunities, including internationally!

At Valeo, innovation is driven by the diversity, authenticity and energy of its talent. Are you looking for new technological and human adventures ? Join Valeo and its 111,600 employees across 33 countries! More information on Valeo : https://www.valeo.com/

Primary Location

LCC1-CZ-Praha, hlavní město

Job

Research and Development

Organization

E81E Driving Assistance R&D CZECH R

Schedule

Full-time

Shift

Day Job

Employee Status

Regular

Job Type

Regular

Job Posting

04/08/2022, 9:19:42 AM