Control Engineer (m/f/d) Power Electronics

Viessmann
              
Cassel, Hesse, Germany
            
Entry level
          
Full-time
        
Engineering and Information Technology
          
Renewable Energy Semiconductor Manufacturing
          
2022-09-21

https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3217156867/

As a
Control Engineer (m/f/d) Power Electronics
, you will be responsible for the model-based development of controls and operational management for our power electronic frequency converters for electrical machines in heat pump systems. In addition, you will work on the control and operation of PV/battery inverter systems.
Become part of our highly motivated, cross-functional team and shape the growth of our Heat Pump and PV Storage Portfolio together with us!
Your Impact
You proactively develop model-based controls and algorithms for the control of drive converters for heat pumps
The analysis and definition of functional requirements as well as the transfer into design and test specifications from a system and standards point of view are part of your regular tasks
With your know-how you are responsible for the modeling, simulation and analytical design of robust control systems
You are in charge of setting up, performing and documenting tests and validating the algorithms in the model and in the laboratory on complete devices.
Who You Are
You are constantly looking for new challenges and changing tasks are part of your daily business.Your friends call you a true teamplayer and you have a strong analytical mindset. In order to ensure you are successful in this role, we also look for:
Completed studies in the field of electrical engineering, computer science or comparable qualification
Profound experience in the development of controls for power electronic frequency converters for electrical machines
In-depth knowledge of model-based development with Matlab/Simulink
Very good knowledge of control engineering and digital signal processing in the field of PV/ battery and motor converters
Knowledge in C and automatic code generation as well as in the application of Simulink Test and Requirement would be an advantage
Experience in the area of model-based development of controls of grid-connected PV/battery inverters would be an advantage
Fluent communication skills in German and English
Even if you don't fulfill all of the above but are ready to take this challenge as a next step, go ahead and press "Apply" anyway. We love your spirit!
What Makes Us Special
Our employees are the key to making our vision come alive. With that in mind, we've created a range of perks for our employees, or as we like to call them, Viessmann family members:
Plan for your retirement: take advantage of subsidies through our employer-funded pension program.
Your well-being is close to Viessmann's heart: We support your physical and mental health with various initiatives.
The Viessmann academy and external partners offer a wide range of professional and personal training opportunities.
Our flexible working hours allow you to balance your work and private life.
Who We Are
With more than 13.000 employees in 74 countries and a turnover of over 3.4 billion Euros, Viessmann is a leading manufacturer of climate and energy solutions. With our energy-efficient product and system offerings, we are solving one of the most important challenges of our time: the efficient and sustainable use of energy. And Viessmann leads by example: We have reduced our CO₂ intensity by 70% since 2005 at our headquarters in Allendorf and doubled our energy productivity at the same time. How do we accomplish all of this?Together with our employees, partners, and customers. We depend on every voice to nurture our spirit of innovation. And we thrive on our teams' unshakeable commitment to working together towards our shared goal: create living spaces for generations to come.