EMC Specialist (m/f/d) Power Electronics

Viessmann
              
Kassel
            
Berufserfahren
          
Vollzeit
        
Sonstiges
          
Erneuerbare Energien und Halbleiterproduktion
          
2022-09-21

https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3228241731/

As an EMC Specialist (m/f/d) Power Electronics, your mission is to ensure that power electronic components and systems meet the relevant standards. In particular, you will be responsible for the EMC requirements of power electronic converters.
Become part of our highly motivated, cross-functional team and shape the growth of our Heat Pump and PV Storage Portfolio together with us!
Your Impact
Ensure standards compliance of power electronic converters with respect to EMC behavior
Definition of EMC requirements for power electronic components and systems as well as design of EMC concepts and design and selection of EMC components
Development of solutions for EMC interference suppression and immunity of power converters in the power range up to approx. 30kW
Execution of development-related EMC measurements together with the development team
Organization and execution of EMC certification tests
Who You Are
To changing requirements and tasks you react with a high level of flexibility. Your friends call you a true teamplayer and you have a strong analytical mindset. In order to ensure you are successful in this role, we also look for:
Completed studies in the field of electrical engineering or comparable qualification
Profound experience in the field of EMC of power electronic converters
Knowledge of the hardware and function of converters, preferably in the field of electrical drive technology and/or PV/battery inverters
Detailed knowledge of the relevant EMC directives and standards for power electronic converters
Fluent communication skills in German and English
Even if you don't fulfill all of the above but are ready to take this challenge as a next step, go ahead and press "Apply" anyway. We love your spirit!
What Makes Us Special
Our employees are the key to making our vision come alive. With that in mind, we've created a range of perks for our employees, or as we like to call them, Viessmann family members:
Plan for your retirement: take advantage of subsidies through our employer-funded pension program.
Your well-being is close to Viessmann's heart: We support your physical and mental health with various initiatives.
The Viessmann academy and external partners offer a wide range of professional and personal training opportunities.
Our flexible working hours allow you to balance your work and private life.
Who We Are
With more than 13.000 employees in 74 countries and a turnover of over 3.4 billion Euros, Viessmann is a leading manufacturer of climate and energy solutions. With our energy-efficient product and system offerings, we are solving one of the most important challenges of our time: the efficient and sustainable use of energy. And Viessmann leads by example: We have reduced our CO₂ intensity by 70% since 2005 at our headquarters in Allendorf and doubled our energy productivity at the same time. How do we accomplish all of this?Together with our employees, partners, and customers. We depend on every voice to nurture our spirit of innovation. And we thrive on our teams' unshakeable commitment to working together towards our shared goal: create living spaces for generations to come.