Carbon Management Consultant

Mott MacDonald
              
Madrid, Community of Madrid, Spain
            
Associate
          
Full-time
        
Consulting
          
Construction, Civil Engineering, and Truck Transportation
          
2022-09-21

https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3191389105/

Contract Type
Permanent
Work pattern
Full time
Position Location
Madrid
Job Description
We are looking for a carbon management consultant to join our growing virtual Carbon team. Your duties and accountabilities will typically include:
Assisting in the delivery of carbon / climate change assessments for a wide range of infrastructure projects;
Contribution to environmental impact assessments (EIAs) and planning applications within the carbon and climate change field;
Delivery of carbon footprinting and carbon management projects;
Assessing the performance of projects against national and international standards and to inform the development of project design; and,
Assisting in due diligence work.
The role is likely to involve other carbon reduction-related work, including compliance issues and advisory services, as well as involvement in wider environment-related projects.
Candidate Specification
Essential Academic, Professional Qualification, Experience, Competencies And Skills
The successful candidate will be proactive, enthusiastic and eager to play a part in a growing team. It is important that you can work autonomously, developing your own network and have good stakeholder management skills. You will possess / be:
Experience in the delivery of carbon footprinting / carbon management projects across a range of project types delivery against scope, quality and budget, especially in the infrastructure sector;
Knowledge of legislation and policy influencing carbon and climate change, of key methodologies and data sources associated with carbon footprinting and carbon management, including ISO14064, PAS2060, PAS2080;
Knowledge of efforts (initiatives/project/commitments) in the industry to reduce the carbon impact of transportation, construction and the built environment (and ideally participation in such endeavours);
A degree / post-graduate qualification(s) in a relevant discipline;
Good communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to communicate and collaborate at all levels;
Good report writing and presentation skills;
Good numerical analytical skills, including the use of Excel and other tools;
Excellent time management skills and the ability to prioritise workload effectively; and,
Self-motivated and enthusiastic with the ability to work as part of team and independently as required.
Desirable academic, professional qualification, experience, competencies and skills:
Transportation sector experience;
Experience of environmental impact assessment, and working within EIA teams, coupled with knowledge on wider sustainability and climate change issues;
Understanding of related environmental topics such as air quality and climate change adaptation and resilience;
Knowledge of the circular economy and experience of implementing CE interventions;
Experience in renewable energy or financial aspects of carbon management;
Experience of offsets and carbon sequestration;
Membership of a relevant institute; and,
Capacity for flexible delivery.
Job Profile
Mott MacDonald is a leading multi-disciplinary consultancy providing sustainability and carbon advice on major infrastructure projects across the world, working collaboratively with our client base to help them to reduce their impact upon the environment and to deliver better social outcomes. Mott MacDonald Group became Carbon Neutral in 2020 and committed to being Net Zero by 2040. We are working closely with Infrastructure Leaders to achieve the UK Government’s ambition to become Net Zero by 2050.
We have a vacancy for a carbon management consultant to join our Advisory Team. The role will involve supporting Mott MacDonald Group activities to advance our Net Zero commitments as well as providing technical input into a wide variety of infrastructure projects.
You will be based in our Madrid office. We encourage you to become part of our vibrant and dynamic workplace. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate and take positive steps to create an inclusive culture.
We Can Offer
Benefits
Competitive annual leave
An annual professional institution subscription
Life insurance
Enhanced parental leave
Flexible benefits scheme to suit you
Other Information
Equality, diversity and inclusion
We put equality, diversity and inclusion at the heart of our business, seeking to promote fair employment procedures and practices to ensure equal opportunities for all. We encourage individual expression in our workplace and are committed to creating an inclusive environment where everyone feels they have the opportunity to contribute.
If you have a disability and would prefer to apply in a different format or would like us to make reasonable adjustments to enable you to apply or attend an interview, please contact us at reasonable.adjustments@mottmac.com and we will talk to you about how we can assist.
Agile working
At Mott MacDonald, we believe it makes business sense for you and your manager to choose how you can work most effectively to meet your client, team and personal commitments. We embrace agility, flexibility and trust.
More About Mott MacDonald
We’re a global engineering, management and development consultancy.
Our purpose is to improve society by considering social outcomes in everything we do, relentlessly focusing on excellence and digital innovation, transforming our clients’ businesses, our communities and employee opportunities.
A fundamental part of this is respecting each person’s differences and striving to meet their needs.
Our values: progress, respect, integrity, drive, excellence
Job Ref
58231BR
Recruiter Contact
Sheida Sheikhha
Country
Spain
Region/State
ALL - Spain
Discipline
Consultancy
Sector
Transport
Website Region
Europe and Central Asia
Website Sector
Environment, Transportation