Python Developer

SIGMA Assessment Systems
              
London, Ontario, Canada
            
Entry level
          
Full-time
        
Engineering and Information Technology
          
Human Resources Services
          
2022-09-21

https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3266197234/

SIGMA Assessment Systems is on the hunt for a developer who loves to build React single page and progressive web apps, and doesn’t shy away from creating API endpoints when needed, in Python. We’re currently developing a next-generation assessment platform for administering high-stakes testing that requires your expertise. You will be working closely with a related business and our agency partner over several phases of the project.
As The Right Candidate, You Will
Write JSX components
Manage state and interface with REST APIs asynchronously
Display impressive knowledge and curiosity about web development
Enjoy digging deep into code
Explain difficult concepts to your teammates
Knowledge & Interest In
Github
Python
Django
React
Postgres
Linux
HTML
CSS
Compensation
: Negotiable
What Makes SIGMA a Great Place To Work
We hire smart, effective, kind people. We treat them well and pay them fairly. Many of our employees have been with us for over 15 years, and most have advanced degrees
A respectful, professional environment where your input is valued
We’re family-friendly with excellent work/life balance
4 weeks paid vacation to start
Benefits
Room for advancement as we continue to grow, limited only by your drive and abilities
For over 50 years, SIGMA has developed psychological assessments and offered related consulting services, with a focus on business applications of psychology, such as leadership development and employee selection. We work with executives, leaders, and other employees from a variety of industries, such as government, education, healthcare, retail, and hospitality.
SIGMA offers the opportunity to work in an engaging, challenging, and growing business with other talented individuals. Our size and structure give us a degree of flexibility which is usually not possible in very large organizations. If you’re looking for a rewarding job opportunity, join our talented team of professionals.