Software Developer, New Grad

Siemens
              
Concord, Ontario, Canada
            
Entry level
          
Full-time
        
Research
          
Appliances, Electrical, and Electronics Manufacturing
          
2022-09-21

https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3205940932/

Explore our Digital World
Do you want to create technologies that transform the everyday for billions of people? Our digital careers offer the opportunity to shape the next era of growth and innovation, challenging ourselves to build a better future. By creating ground breaking technologies that transform our world, we need the most innovative and diverse Digital Minds to develop tomorrow‘s reality. Picture yourself in the Digital World of Siemens here: www.siemens.com/careers/digitalminds
Why you’ll love working for Siemens!
Freedom and a healthy work- life balance– Embrace our flexible work environment with flex hours, telecommuting and digital workspaces.
Solve the world’s most significant problems – Be part of exciting and innovative projects.
Engaging, challenging, and fast evolving, cutting edge technological environment.
Opportunities to advance your career and mentorship programs on a local and global scale.
Competitive total rewards package.
Profit sharing available.
Rewarding vacation entitlement with the opportunity to buy and sell your vacation depending on your lifestyle.
Contribute to our social responsibility initiatives focused on access to education, access to technology and sustaining communities and make a positive impact on the community.
Participate in our celebrations, social events and offsite business events.
Opportunities to contribute your innovative ideas and get paid for them!
Employee perks and discounts.
Diversity and inclusivity focused.
Siemens is proud to be an eight-time award winner of Canada’s Top 100 Employers, Canada’s Greenest Employers 2022, Canada’s Top Employers for Young People 2022 and Greater Toronto's Top Employers 2022.
What will you do?
Software design and development in C# orASP.NET
Feature adding and bug fixing in C# or ASP.NET
Software validation and support
What will you need to succeed?
BS or MS in Computer Science / Electrical Engineering (or related degree)
Strong software engineering skills
Solid understanding of object oriented design and programming languages
Experience with at least one of the following: C#, C++, ASP.NET, MS SQL
Strong work ethic
Ability to adapt to change and learn new skills quickly
Flexibility and ability to work in a very fast paced environment
About Us.
We share our ideas and champion the people behind them.
For over 110 years, Siemens Canada has stood for engineering excellence, innovation, quality and reliability. Active across Canada, the company focuses on intelligent infrastructure for buildings and distributed energy systems and on automation and digitalization in the process and manufacturing industries. Siemens brings together the digital and physical worlds to benefit customers and society. Through Mobility, a leading supplier of intelligent mobility solutions for rail and road transport, Siemens is helping to shape Canada’s passenger rail services. Via its majority stake in the publicly listed company Siemens Healthineers, Siemens is also a leading supplier of medical technology and digital health services. In addition, Siemens holds a minority stake in Siemens Energy, a global leader in the transmission and generation of electrical power.
Making a difference together we raised $385,000 towards charitable contributions, support over 38 non-profit organizations and planted 660 trees in our local communities. Siemens Canada has 2,500 employees from coast-to-coast and 24 office and production facilities across Canada. Join our team of approximately 293,000 talented professionals in more than 190 countries/regions and help us tackle the most exciting challenges to build a successful future together. So, what are you waiting for? Take your next career step with us.
To learn more about Siemens Canada, visit our website at www.siemens.ca
While we appreciate all applications we receive, we advise that only candidates under consideration will be contacted.
Organization:
Digital Industries
Company:
Siemens Canada Limited - RuggedCom
Experience Level:
Recent College Graduate
Full / Part time:
Full-time
Siemens is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Upon request, Siemens Canada will provide reasonable accommodation for disabilities to support participation of candidates in all aspects of the recruitment process. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment.
By submitting personal information to Siemens Canada Limited or its affiliates, service providers and agents, you consent to our collection, use and disclosure of such information for the purposes described in our Privacy Code available at www.siemens.ca.
Siemens s’engage à créer un environnement diversifié et est fière d’être un employeur souscrivant au principe de l’égalité d’accès à l’emploi. Tous les candidats qualifiés seront pris en considération pour ce poste.
Sur demande, Siemens Canada prendra des mesures d’accommodement raisonnables pour les personnes handicapées, dans le but de soutenir la participation des candidats dans tous les aspects du processus de recrutement.
En transmettant des renseignements personnels à Siemens Canada limitée ou à ses sociétés affiliées, à ses fournisseurs de services ou à ses agents, vous nous autorisez à recueillir, à utiliser et à divulguer ces renseignements aux fins prévues dans notre Code de protection de la confidentialité, que vous pouvez consulter au www.siemens.ca.