Application Developer Python - IBM CIC

IBM
              
Lille, Hauts-de-France, France
            
Not Applicable
          
Full-time
        
Other
          
Computer Hardware Manufacturing
          
2022-09-21

https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3255135879/

583872BR
Introduction
At IBM, work is more than a job - it's a calling: To build. To design. To code. To consult. To think along with clients and sell. To make markets. To invent. To collaborate. Not just to do something better, but to attempt things you've never thought possible. Are you ready to lead in this new era of technology and solve some of the world's most challenging problems? If so, lets talk.
Your Role and Responsibilities
You want to work in IT development, in an international environment? As a python developer, you will be involved in team projects, and in compliance with the quality procedure.
As Such, You Will Take On The Following Tasks
Participation and contribution to the drafting of technical specifications and application development.
Development of applications in python in Node.js and Cloud contexts.
Integration tests and acceptance of developed applications
Study of specifications and design,
Maintenance in operational conditions
Technical support and project management support
Required Technical and Professional Expertise
Training Bac+2/3 minimum in computer science
Experience in python development and its frameworks (Flask, Django…)
Good interpersonal skills: important quality in a team
Good writing skills
Preferred Technical And Professional Expertise
Experience with BI Reporting tools.
Fluency in spoken and written English, as well as French.
About Business Unit
IBM Services is a team of business, strategy and technology consultants that design, build, and run foundational systems and services that is the backbone of the world's economy. IBM Services partners with the world's leading companies in over 170 countries to build smarter businesses by reimagining and reinventing through technology, with its outcome-focused methodologies, industry-leading portfolio and world class research and operations expertise leading to results-driven innovation and enduring excellence.
Your Life @ IBM
Are you craving to learn more? Prepared to solve some of the world's most unique challenges? And ready to shape the future for millions of people? If so, then it's time to join us, express your individuality, unleash your curiosity and discover new possibilities.
Every IBMer, and potential ones like yourself, has a voice, carves their own path, and uses their expertise to help co-create and add to our story. Together, we have the power to make meaningful change – to alter the fabric of our clients, of society and IBM itself, to create a truly positive impact and make the world work better for everyone.
It's time to define your career.
About IBM
IBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve business, society and the human condition, bringing the power of an open hybrid cloud and AI strategy to life for our clients and partners around the world.Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are not only one of the largest corporate organizations in the world, we’re also one of the biggest technology and consulting employers, with many of the Fortune 50 companies relying on the IBM Cloud to run their business. At IBM, we pride ourselves on being an early adopter of artificial intelligence, quantum computing and blockchain. Now it’s time for you to join us on our journey to being a responsible technology innovator and a force for good in the world.
Location Statement
IBM wants you to bring your whole self to work and for you this might mean the ability to work flexibly. If you are interested in a flexible working pattern, please talk to our recruitment team to find out if this is possible in the current working environment.
Being You @ IBM
IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.