Python Developer Remote Euro (Crypto-Exchange Largest)

Turn Block Talent
              
Paris, Île-de-France, France
            
Mid-Senior level
          
Full-time
        
Information Technology
          
IT Services and IT Consulting and Software Development
          
2022-09-21

https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3267002203/

Join our client who is Europe’s leading retail platform for buying and selling cryptocurrencies and more! Currently, more than
two million users
are benefitting from the platform. They provide the easiest and fastest access to the world of digital assets.
Your Mission
As a Python Developer, you will be responsible for building the next generation of cryptocurrency platforms. Previous blockchain development is not required (they will train you in blockchain development).
Work with the latest modern technologies in a
fully remote work environment.
About The Team
The Blockchain team successfully operates a highly scalable infrastructure of Blockchain nodes, transaction signature processes from mainstream protocols like BTC or ETH down to specialized ones like IOTA, Stellar or others. The Digital Assets area is responsible for offering market conform prices of digital assets to our users and integrating new assets into the ecosystem.
What You’ll Do
Previous blockchain development is not required (they will train you in blockchain development)
Join the full life cycle of cryptography infrastructure, including wallet, framework and libraries development, requirement gathering, design, coding, testing, deployment, documentation and support
Working hands on to setup and maintain servers and nodes for all types of Blockchains (mainstream as well as DeFi protocols).
Be part of the future lightning network integration, next to develop Stacking capabilities in house.
Implementation of strategies to avoid congestion and reduce fees (transaction batching, segwit, bech32)
Constant evaluation of the ecosystem to identify and resolve any security issues
What We’re Looking For
Professional experience working with Python.
Analytical thinking.
Motivation to learn new technologies.
Highly skilled in writing quality code by using test-driven development (TDD) techniques
You (must be active) in the planning and implementation of computer software
Deep understanding of REST service anatomy
Bonus
Advanced knowledge of blockchain concepts like distributed ledger, consensus and smart contracts
Knowledge of blockchain daemons such as bitcoind, Geth, OpenEthereum
If you think you fit the role please join our journey by applying.